the title will officially confirm that
what many believers already said in church
of the Most Holy Trinity in the
the basilica is lesser the title and
dignity were charged in the midst of
by the bishop of the diocese of
Leiria-Fátima first with
recognition is an important center for
this goal
this sanctuary of fact and that the people of
God in himself as a people for the
congregation for divine worship and
discipline of the special sacraments
faculties that were assigned by
very willingly pontiff to
dorna the church erected though
Holy Trinity
within the limits of the sanctuary of our
in the city to the sesi in which the
faithful focusing on the help of the Immaculate
virgin mother of god in prayer for
salvation of the world can promote
most effective great christ summer
admirable mystery of one god in the
trinity substance and I adore this church
with the title and the dignity of basilica
lowest starting November 13 , 2012
November 3rd is the day of the
basilica of the Holy Trinity as
indicates the document signed by the cardinal
Sign up to see who recommended Dom Antonio
on 19 June 2012 and know
importance of this main temple in
2007 by Cardinal Bertone and that in this
basilica person intensive trinity is
invited to each people are all
invited to renew our hearts and
our even for a god of mystery in
your understanding of trinitarian love
during the homily of the celebration in the now
basilica of the holy trinity
the prelate referred to the crisis of faith by
which passes today's world
concealment of the presence of God
today god even though it may not be
in the bottle is excluded from the
life of many people and even many
Christian is for many people the big
to ignore that Jesus himself is reduced
a famous illustrious personage of the
story but do not love to admire the most
did not love the effect has to be a
choose a free and conscious gift option
António Marto appealed to the faithful
to renew their faith